Permanent URLs for Active Storage blobs (#36729)
rails/rails: activestorage/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Permanent URLs for blobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Permanent URLs for public storage blobs.
```

>     Services can be configured in `configurations.yml` with a new key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Services can be configured in `config/storage.yml` with a new key
```
